someone show you how you
because this stabilizer burned in the
stabilizer that died yesterday in
arrival of an ointment
if you notice are not being
neighbor
So you the first thing that is going to have
that turning him around observes that
Also here you will have to open open
here for this part here on the side
left
you open it
after you open it to you you will
have to remove that small lamp
hence
After you've retired, you realize that I
she is burned
The burn will discard it, it does not go there.
inside
so this is just an exchange of
lamp does not need you to throw away the
other lamp reserve is here
inside you're just gonna have to take it off
carefully remove it carefully.
do not break
so you took this one is new
the only thing you'll have to do
here is fit here where it was old
will fit well fit
snaps tight as soon as you
fitted
You go there and you will put
take a look
is already on and off and one on
so it's just that my people are just this
You do not need to play your game.
stabilizer out a look right
I hope this video has help you
save a little money, right?
though it may be little movie
stabilizer but I hope you have
outsourced
stay with god everyone